2022 - 2022007668 11/02/2022 03:49 PM Page 1 of 5 NOTICE OF CONFIDENTIALITY RIGHTS: IF YOU ARE A NATURAL PERSON, YOU MAY REMOVE OR STRIKE ANY OF THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION FROM THIS INSTRUMENT BEFORE IT IS FILED FOR RECORD IN THE PUBLIC RECORDS: YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER OR YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER. Oil & Gas Lease THIS OIL & GAS LEASE (“lease”) made this 7 day of July, 2022, between Echo Minerals, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, herein called “lessor” (whether one or more), whose address is 120 Robert S. Kerr Ave., Suite 701, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 and Incline Permian II, LLC, herein called “lessee”, whose address is 5011 N. Central Expressway, Dallas, TX 75205 1. Lessor, in consideration of TEN AND OTHER DOLLARS in hand paid, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, and of the agreements herein contained, hereby grants, leases and lets exclusively unto lessee, for the purpose of exploring, drilling, operating, producing and marketing oil, gas, and such other minerals and substances as may be produced incident to the production of oil and/or gas the grant effected hereby to include the right to engage in all activities reasonably necessary or convenient to said stated purposes, including but not limited to conducting seismic operations, injecting gas, waters, other fluids, and air into subsurface strata, laying pipelines, storing oil, building tanks, roadways, telephone lines, and other structures thereon to produce, save, take care of, treat, process, store, transport and market said lease substances, the following described land (deemed to comprise 80.0 acres, whether it actually comprises more or less), in Reeves County, Texas (the “leased premises” or “said land”), to-wit: 80.0 acres, more or less, being the EZNW4 of Section 44, Block 56, T3S, T&P RR Co. Survey, A-3732, Reeves County, Texas 2. Subject to the other provisions herein contained, this lease shall remain in force for a term of THREE (3) years from this date (called “primary term”) and as long thereafter as oil or gas is produced from said land or from land with which said land is pooled, or this lease is otherwise maintained in accordance with its terms. 3. The royalties to be paid by lessee are: (a) on oil, and other liquid hydrocarbons, 25% of that produced and saved from said land, same to be delivered free of all costs to the credit of lessor at the tanks or pipelines to which the wells may be connected; (b) on gas, including casinghead gas or other gaseous substances produced from said land and used off the premises or used in the manufacture of gasoline or other products, the market value at the well of 25 % of the gas so used, provided that on gas sold on or off the premises, the royalties shall be 25 % of the net proceeds realized at the well from such sale; (c) and at any time when this lease is not validated by other provisions hereof and there is a well on said land, or land pooled therewith, capable of producing and such well is shut-in, either before or after production therefrom, then on or before 90 days after said well is shut-in, and thereafter at annual intervals, lessee may pay or tender a shut- in royalty equal to $1.00 per net acre of the acreage then capable of being held by the well under this lease by the party making such payment or tender, and so long as said shut-in royalty is paid or tendered, this lease shall not terminate and it shall be considered under all clauses hereof that leased substances are being produced from the leased premises in paying quantities. Each such payment shall be paid or tendered to the party or parties who at the time of such payment would be entitled to receive the royalties which would be paid under this lease if the well were in fact producing. The payment or tender of royalties and shut-in royalties may be made by check or draft. Any timely payment or tender of shut-in royalty which is made in a bona fide attempt to make proper payment, but which is erroneous in whole or in part as to parties or amounts, shall nevertheless be sufficient to prevent termination of this lease in the same manner as though a proper payment had been made if lessee shall correct such error within 30 days after lessee has received written notice thereof by certified mail from the party or parties entitled to receive payment together with such written instruments (or certified copies thereof) as are necessary to enable lessee to make proper payment. 4. This is a paid-up lease and lessee shall not be obligated during the primary term hereof to commence or continue any operations of whatsoever character or to make any payments hereunder in order to maintain this lease in force during the primary term; however, this provision is not intended to relieve lessee of the obligation to pay royalties on actual production pursuant to the provisions of Paragraph 3 hereof. 5. Lessee is hereby granted the right and power, from time to time, to pool or combine this lease, the land covered by it or any part or horizon thereof with any other land, leases, mineral estates or parts thereof for the production of oil or gas. The creation of a unit by such pooling shall be based on the following criteria: A unit for an oil well (other than a horizontal completion) shall not exceed 40 acres plus a maximum acreage tolerance of 10%, and for a gas well or a horizontal completion shall not exceed 320 acres plus a maximum acreage tolerance of 10%; provided that a larger unit may be formed for a vertical oil or gas well or for a horizontal oil or gas well to conform to any well spacing or density (including proration) pattern that may be prescribed or permitted by an applicable field rule formula, if any, or in the absence thereof, by an applicable statewide or county rule formula. Lessee shall file written unit designations in the county in which the premises are located and such units may be designated from time to time and either before or after the completion of wells and/or production therefrom. Operations on or production from any part of any such unit shall be deemed for all purposes, except the payment of royalty, as operations conducted upon or production from the land described in this lease. In addition, other events or circumstances as would hold acreage under this lease if performed on or applicable to land covered by this lease shall be deemed to be performed on or applicable the land covered by this lease if performed on or applicable to lands pooled therewith. There shall be allocated to the land covered by this lease included in any such unit that portion of the total production of pooled minerals from wells in the unit, after deducting any used in lease or unit operations, which the net oil or gas acreage in the land covered by this lease included in the unit bears to the total number of surface acres in the unit. The production so allocated shall be considered for all purposes, including the payment or delivery of royalty, to be the entire production of pooled minerals from the portion of said land covered hereby and included in said unit in the same manner as though produced from said land under the terms of this lease. Any pooled unit designated by lessee, as provided herein, may be amended or dissolved by lessee, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, by recording an appropriate instrument in the County where the land is situated. 6. If at the expiration of the primary term (a) there is no well upon said land capable of producing oil or gas, but lessee has commenced operations thereon, or (b) there has been production from, or operations upon the leased premises within the preceding ninety (90) days, this lease shall remain in force so long as operations are prosecuted with no cessation of more than ninety (90) consecutive days, whether such operations be the same or different operations and/or on the same well or on a different or additional well or wells, and if they result in the production of oil or gas, so long thereafter as oil or gas is produced from said land or this lease is otherwise maintained in force and effect. If, after the expiration of the primary term there should be a cessation of production or other event or circumstance as would otherwise cause this lease to expire in accordance with its terms, this lease shall not terminate if lessee commences or restores production or commences operations for additional drilling or for reworking within ninety (90) days thereafter. If any drilling, additional drilling, or reworking operations hereunder result in production, then this lease shall remain in full force so long thereafter as oil or gas is produced hereunder. As used throughout this lease, the term “reworking” means all actions taken to secure, restore or improve production through the use of a wellbore previously drilled, but without regard to whether the action involved be within or outside of the wellbore. 2022 - 2022007668 11/02/2022 03:49 PM Page 2 of 5 7. Lessee shall have free use of oil, gas and water from said land, except water from lessor's wells and tanks, for all operations hereunder, and the royalty shall be computed after deducting any so used. Lessee shall have the right at any time during or after the expiration of this lease to remove all property and fixtures placed by lessee on said land, including the right to draw and remove all casing. If and when having pipelines on the surface unreasonably interferes with existing surface uses or surfaces uses then being commenced, [.essee, when required by lessor, will bury all pipe lines below ordinary plow depth or such lesser depth as reasonably removes same as an interference, and no well shall be drilled within two hundred feet (200 ft.) of any residence or barn now on said land without lessor’s consent. Existing wells and/or wellbores on the Icased premises may be reentered and used and to the extent such occurs the reentry shall be considered the same as the drilling of a new well on the leased premises. 8. The rights of either party hereunder may be assigned in whole or in part and the provisions hereof shall extend to their heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns; but no change in the ownership of the land or in the ownership of, or rights to receive, royaities or shut-in royalties, however accomplished shall operate to enlarge the obligations or diminish the rights of lessee and no such change or division shall be binding upon lessee for any purpose until lessee has received at lessee’s principal place of business copies or acceptable alternative documentation in lieu thereof constituting the chain of title from the original lessor. If any such change in ownership occurs through the death of the owner, lessee may, at its option, pay or tender any royalties or shut-in royalties in the name of the deceased or to his estate or to his heirs, executor or administrator until such time as lessec has been furnished with evidence satisfactory to lessee as to the persons entitled to such sums. 9. Should lessee be prevented from complying with any express or implied covenant of this lease, or from conducting drilling or reworking operations hereunder, or from producing oil or gas hereunder, , by act of God. by any Federal or state law or any order, rule or regulation of governmental authority (including the time during which lessee is waiting on the issuance of any order, rule, policy or practice in connection therewith or while the time for comments on the issuance of any rule, order, practice or policy is in effect), or by other act, event, circumstance or condition beyond lL.essee’s reasonable control, then while so prevented, and for thirty (30) days thereafter, lessee’s duty shall be suspended, and lessee shall not be liable for failure to comply therewith; and this lcasc shall be extended while and so long as lessee is prevented by any such cause from conducting drilling or reworking operations or fram producing oil or gas hereunder, and for thirty (30) days thereafter, and that time shall not be counted against lessee, anything in this lease to the contrary notwithstanding. As used herein, the term “order, rule, denial, policy. directive, rule-making proposal, and/or practice” includes, but is not limited to any denial, restriction or delay of drilling and/or other operations on the leased premises attributable to environmental and/or endangered species restrictions, conditions and limitations now or hereafter adopted. enforced or applied to the leased premises by any federal or state agency having authority with respect (o the leased premises, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing clause, shall specifically include all lesser prairie chicken and sand dune lizard stipulations and restrictions, collectively referred to herein as “Endangered Species and Environmental Conditions.” If lessee is precluded from cngaging in operations because the necessary permits and approvals to drill have not been obtained. or because lessee is required to postpone or suspend operations by application of Endangered Species and Environmental Conditions, then its obligation and/or entitlement to engage in operations shall be deferred until sixty (60) days after approval of the necessary permits and approvals, or until sixty (60) days after operations are allowed to commence or resume following any period of suspension attributable to Endangered Species and Environmental Conditions, and the running of periods of special limitation applicable to the estate granted hereby shall be tolled during such deferral period. 10. Lessor hereby warrants and agrees to defend the title to said land and agrees that lessee at its option may discharge any tax, mortgage or other lien upon said land, and in the event lessee docs so it shall be subrogated to such licn with the right to enforce same and to apply royalties and shut-in royalties payable hereunder toward satisfying same. Without impairment of lessee’s rights under the warranty, if this lease covers less interest in the oil or gas in all or any part of said land than the entire and undivided fee simple estate (whether lessor’s interest is herein specified or not) then the royalties, shut-in royalty, and other payments, if any. accruing from any part as to which this lease covers less than such full interest, shall be paid only in the proportion which the interest therein, if any, covered by this lease, bears to the whole and undivided fee simple estate therein. Should any one or more of the partics named above as lessors fail to execute this lease, it shall nevertheless be binding upon the party or parties executing the same. 11. Lessee, its successors and assigns, shall have the right at any time to surrender this lease, in whole or in part, to lessor or his heirs, successors, and assigns by delivering or mailing a release thereof to the lessor, or by placing a release thereof of record in the county in which said land is situated; thereupon lessec shall be relieved from all obligations, expressed or implied, of this lease as to acreage so surrendered, except as to the liability for any payments accruing hereunder prior to the time of such surrender which shall survive surrender and continue as an obligation of lessee, and thereafter the shut-in royalty payable hereunder shall be reduced in the proportion that the acreage covered hereby is reduced by said release or releases. No partial surrender or release or partial termination shall in any manner reduce or limit lessee’s entitlement to use all of the surface (as originally described and as originally subject to this lease) in connection with lessees ownership and enjoyment of that portion of the leased premises (as originally described and as originally subject to this lease) as to which the lease has not been surrendered, released or terminated. Moreover, under no circumstances shall lessee, as a consequence of any partial surrender or release or partial termination, be required to relocate roads, pipelines, facilities or other improvements utilized. or potentially subject to use, by lessce in connection with lessee’s ownership and enjoyment of that portion of the leased premises (as originally described and as originally subject to this lcasc) as to which the lease has not been surrendered, released or terminated. Nor shall the filing of a document of surrender or release, or a document acknowledging partial termination, be construed as effecting a surrender, release or partial termination of surface rights incident to lessees ownership and enjoyment of that portion of the leased premises (as originally described and as originally subject to this lease) as to which the tease has not been surrendered, released or terminated. See Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this instrument is executed the day and year first above written. LESSOR: Echo Minerals, LLP Name: M. Christian Kanady Title: Authorized Person [ACKNOWLEDGEMENT TO FOLLOW] 2022 - 2022007668 11/02/2022 03:49 PM Page 3 of 5 ACKNOWLEDGMENT Corporate: STATE OF OKLAHOMA Ss SST wn wn COUNTY OF OKLAHOMA The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 16 day of July, 2022, by M. Christian Kanady, as Authorized Person of Echo Minerals, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. on behalf of said limited partnership. VIR Wi thy ANN /7, & LOPHER “2, NO nRY BL 2 Notary Public 3 OW Pg 4 2 Notary’ s Printed Name: _ (Mvishoher Teeny 52 My Commission Expires: 1] 13 [2s DE » aa N i Commiss; 21015257" Seeanet’ 2022 - 2022007668 11/02/2022 03:49 PM Page 4 of 5 EXHIBIT “A” Attached hereto and made a part of that certain Oil, Gas and Mineral Lease dated July 7, 2022, by and between Echo Minerals, LP, as Lessor, and Incline Permian II, LLC, as Lessee. Notwithstanding any contrary provisions in the Oil, Gas and Mineral Lease to which this Exhibit “A” is attached, the following provisions shall control: PUGH CLAUSE: At the expiration of the primary term or the continuous development provision provided in this lease, whichever is later, this lease shall terminate as to all lands covered hereby not then included in or otherwise allocated to a “well unit”, as hereinafter defined, unless Lessee is producing oil, gas, or other hydrocarbons from any well on the leased premises, or lands pooled therewith, or then engaged in the drilling or reworking of any well on the leased premises, or lands pooled therewith, and does not allow more than 180 days to elapse between the completion or abandonment of one well on such land and the commencement of another well thereon the leased premises, or lands pooled therewith, For the purposes hereof, the term “well unit” shall mean the minimum size proration unit created for a well capable of producing oil and/or gas in paying quantities as prescribed or permitted by the applicable rules and regulations of the governmental authority having jurisdiction for obtaining maximum allowable production. In the event this lease is pooled pursuant to Paragraph 5 hereof, the “well unit” shall be the same as the pooled unit. Completion as defined herein shall be the date of the official potential test. DEPTH CLAUSE: At the expiration of the primary term or the continuous development provision provided in this lease, whichever is later, this lease shall expire as to all depths below the base of the deepest producing formation of any well drilled pursuant to this lease and on the leased premises or lands pooled therewith. LIMITATION ON SUBSTANCES: It is agreed and understood that this lease covers only oil, gas, associated liquid, liquefiable, or gaseous hydrocarbons, and sulphur, as necessarily produced with and incidental to, the production of oil and/or gas wells on the leased premises, or lands pooled therewith. GROSS PROCEEDS: 1t is agreed and understood that the royalty reserved to Lessor herein shall be free and clear of all costs and expenses of every kind or character except Lessors part of ad valorem and production taxes. By way of explanation, but not limitation, Lessor shall not be required to pay any part of expenses of separation, dehydration, compression, marketing, transportation, treating, manufacturing, or any other deduction charge whatsoever, and all such costs, charges, and expenses shall be borne and/or paid by Lessee and shall not be deducted from royalty to be paid to Lessor. WELL INFORMATION: Within five (5) days of Lessors request, Lessee will furnish Lessor with well information, including but not limited to copies of daily drilling reports, mud logs, electric logs, MWD logs, core reports, raw test information, flowback reports, completion reports, directional surveys, and daily production reports developed in the drilling and production of any well drilled on the lands covered by this lease, or lands pooled therewith. TITLE OPINIONS: Within five (5) days of Lessors request, Lessee will furnish copies of all drilling title opinions and division order title opinions in Lessee’s possession covering the governmental section in which the lands covered by this lease are located. RELEASE: Lessee agrees to execute and record a release or partial release of this lease, as applicable, and forward the recorded release to Lessor within ninety (90) days following the date this lease expires or terminates as to that acreage or depth which expires or terminates or is to be released under the terms and provisions hereof. If Lessee fails to timely record and furnish to Lessor any release or partial release, Lessor may give lessee written demand that such release be filed and a copy furnished to Lessor. If Lessor fails to file said release within fifteen (15) days after date of receipt of such written demand, the Lessor may execute and file for record such a release or partial release. The provisions of this paragraph shall apply each time a termination occurs. SHUT-IN: This lease may not be maintained for a period longer than twenty-four (24) cumulative months beyond the primary term hereof solely by reasons of a shut-in gas well or wells. The shut-in provisions of this oil and gas lease shall only apply to gas wells and not oil wells. COMMENCEMENT OF OPERATIONS: Commencement of operations shall be defined for the purposes of maintaining this lease beyond the primary term as whenever a drill bit is rotating in the ground under its own power with appropriate drilling equipment on site to reach the depth specified in the drilling permit issued by the appropriate regulatory bodies. NO WARRANTY: LESSOR MAKES, AND HAS MADE, NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND OR NATURE HEREUNDER, WHETHER EXPRESS, WRITTEN, ORAL, IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR ARISING BY OPERATION OF LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE QUALITY, QUANTITY, OR CONDITION OF THE INTERESTS CONVEYED HEREUNDER, IF ANY, OR LESSOR’S TITLE THERETO. FUTHER, LESSEE EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGES AND STIPULATES THAT LESSEE, ITS AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS SHALL HAVE NO RECOURSE OF ANY KIND AGAINST LESSOR FOR ANY REASON, OR FOR ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, LOSSES, JUDGMENTS, DAMAGES, COSTS, OR EXPENSES, OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, IN ANY WAY RELATED TO, RESULTING FROM, OR ARISING OUT OF SUCH A TITLE FAILURE. END OF EXHIBIT “A” 2022-2022007668 11/02/2022 3:49 PM Page 5 of § Reeves County Dianne O. Florez Reeves County Clerk 95 Instrument Number: 2022007668 eRecording - Real Property OIL AND GAS LEASE Recorded On: November 02, 2022 03:49 PM Number of Pages: 5 95 " Examined and Charged as Follows: Total Recording: $38.00 95 rrsaasr THIS PAGE IS PART OF THE INSTRUMENT **#rxxxxsax Any provision herein which restricts the Sale, Rental or use of the described REAL PROPERTY because of color or race is invalid and unenforceable under federal law 95 File Information: Record and Return To: Document Number: 2022007668 Simplifile Receipt Number: 20221102000035 Recorded Date/Time: November 02, 2022 03:49 PM User: Rebecca G Station: CLERKO7 STATE OF TEXAS COUNTY OF REEVES I hereby certify that this Instrument was FILED In the File Number sequence on the date/time printed hereon, and was duly RECORDED in the Official Records of County, Texas. Dianne O. Florez Reeves County Clerk oun O Hone Reeves County, TX 95